R objects can also have names.
So this not true for just data frames.
It's true for all r objects.
And this can be very useful for writing
readable code and self describing objects.
So for example, I'm creating a vector
that's an integer sequence 1, 2,
3 and by default, there's no name.
So when I call the names function on x,
it gives me a null value.
However, I can, I can give a name
to each element of the vector x.
So for example, if I,
I can say the first element's called food,
the second element's called bar, and
the third element's called norf.
So now when I print out my x vector,
I get a vector 1, 2, 3 but
then each one has a name over it,
which is the name I just specified.
And so
when I call the names function I get the,
the names that are associated with each
element of the vector foo, bar, and norf.
Lists can also have names.
And so for example here I'm creating
a list with the list function
where the first element is called a,
the second element is called b, and
the third element is called c.
And so when I print out the list, it
prints out the names of each element and
the values associated with those names.
Finally matrices can have names.
These are called dim names.
So here I created a matrix
from the sequence 1 to 4.
It's a two by two matrix.
And so the, when, when I use the dim
names function I pass it a list.
Excuse me, I assign it a list.
Where the first element of the list is
the, is the vector of row names and
the second element of the list
is a vector of column names.
So here I want to name the rows a and b,
and I want to name the columns c and d.
So that's what I passed to
the dim names function.
And now when I print out my matrix
I can see that the row names and
the column names are labeled as I wanted.